Added zoom extension to MapView (#723)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

## Upcoming Release

### Added
- **MKMapView**:

> 	-   Added `zoom(to coordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], meter: Double, edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool)` method to zoom multiple mapView coordinates. [#723]([https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723)) by [Mustafa GUNES](https://github.com/mustafagunes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  Added `zoom(to coordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], meter: Double, edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool)` method to zoom multiple mapView coordinates. [#723]([https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723)) by [Mustafa GUNES](https://github.com/mustafagunes).
```

>     -  Added `zoom(to coordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], meter: Double, edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool)` method to zoom multiple mapView coordinates. [#723]([https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723)) by [Mustafa GUNES](https://github.com/mustafagunes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -  Added `zoom(to:meter:edgePadding:animated:)` method to zoom multiple `MKMapView` coordinates. [#723](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723) by [Mustafa GUNES](https://github.com/mustafagunes).
```

## Upcoming Release

### Added

- **MKMapView**:

> 	-   Added `zoom(coordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], meter: Double, edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool)` method to zoom multiple mapView coordinates. [#723]([https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/723)) by [Mustafa GUNES](https://github.com/mustafagunes).

Reviewer: Nit: Spacing
